---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Effective Date**  
January 1 2021

# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: January 1, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes how we, the Bytehive Team ("Bytehive", "we", "us", "our"), use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based services provided through our mobile app (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Bytehive, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.


<br>

## Principles

Bytehive is commited to building technology that preserves the rights and privacy of its users. Therefore, these two principles are fundamental to our processing and collection of Personal Data:

* We do not believe in monetization through advertisements and will never sell your data to advertisers
* We store and process your data only as is necessary to provide you with secure and feature-rich services


<br>

## Terms of Service

This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Service, which describes the terms under which you use our Services and which are available at [LINK]. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with those terms.


<br>

## Table of Contents

* Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
* What Data Do We Collect?
* Who Do We Share Your Personal Data With?
* What Do We Use Your Personal Data For?
* How Do We Keep Your Personal Data Safe?
* How Long Do We Store Your Data?
* Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data
* Changes to this Privacy Policy


<br>

## 1. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data

We process your personal data on the ground that such processing is necessary to further our legitimate interests in providing effective and innovative Services to our users and the economic operation of those Services, unless those interests are overridden by your interest or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protections of personal data.


<br>

## 2. What Data Do We Collect? 

## 2.1 Account Data

Bytehive provides functionality to sync your data across devices and back up to the cloud. To this end, Bytehive needs to identify you with any of the following Personal Data: your phone number, your email address, your Google, Facebook, or Twitter login credentials, as well as your chosen password. You choose upon registering in the app which login method you prefer and actively provide us with this information upon registration. 

We do __not__ require you to provide us with your real name, family name, age or gender identity or any other personal characteristics which are unnecessary for the providing of our services.

## 2.2 Your Messages and Message Data

Bytehive works as a cloud service. We store your messages/notes, and any documents such as photos, videos or text files on remote servers situated in the European Union to allow synchronisation across all your devices. These data are actively provided by you throughout using the app.


<br>

## 3. Who Do We Share Your Personal Data With?

We will never share your data with Advertisers. As stated in our principles, we do not believe in ad-based monetization and believe firmly that a user's data belongs to them. The only reason for us to share your data with third parties is to enable us to provide our Services to you, and thus the only parties we share your data with are services that provide us with specific functionality needed for our Services.

We use Firebase by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to provide you with our Services. In the following, we outline which Firebase services we use and what data they collect:

To enable authorization and authentication of access when using the app, as well as to facilitate end-user account management, we use Firebase Authentication. We enable Firebase to use the data described in 2.1 that you provide us with during registering for and signing in to our Services. Firebase Authentication additionally uses user-agent strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and authentication.

To store and sync your data, we use Cloud Firestore by Firebase, a hosting and backend service. In addition to the data outlined in 2.2, Firebase may collect Usage Data and other types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service, and temporarily save IP addresses to execute event-handling and HTTP functions based on the user's actions. 

All data is processed by Firebase on our behalf for the above mentioned reason. We use the services of Google LLC on the basis of our legitimate interests Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation. To see the terms of service for both Cloud Firestore and Authentication, which are part of the Google Cloud Platform, visit https://cloud.google.com/terms.


<br>

## 4. What Do We Use Your Personal Data For?

We use the data that we collect from you for the following purposes:

1. To provide you with secure Sign-In services and prevent others from accessing your data
2. To keep secure backups of your data in case of stolen or lost devices
3. To provide you with functionality to access your data from different devices
4. To  comply with our legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect the rights and interests of our users as well as our own and those of third parties


<br>

## 5. How Do We Keep Your Personal Data Safe?

All Firebase services, including Cloud Firestore and Authentication, encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate customer data. In addition Cloud Firestore encrypts all user data at rest using server-side encryption.


<br>

## 6. How Long Do We Store Your Data?

All data we collect is necessary to provide you with our Services. To this end, we store your account data, as well as the messages/notes, and any documents such as photos, videos or text files you provided us with, for as long as you are a registered user with our Services.

IP addresses that Firebase Authentication logs during the registration or signing in procedure are kept for a few weeks. Other authentication information, which is required to provide you with continuous sign in functionality, is kept until we initiate deletion of the associated user, after with data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days. Our app provides you with the functionality to delete your user account, in which case we initiate the deletion of your account on Firebase. 


<br>

## 7. Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data

## 7.1 Your Rights

You can access and update your message and media data on your own when tapping on a given message displayed in the app. Upon changes or deletion of data, those changes will be propagated to our servers as soon as your device is connected to the internet. You can also delete your account in the settings section, which removes all messages and media as well as every other piece of data you stored with us. This action has to be confirmed and cannot be undone once initiated.

Furthermore, you have the full legal right to request from us all personal data we collected and information on how we process your data; demand its rectification or erasure; restrict its processing (blocking); or object to data processing. You can also ask us to transfer the personal data we process to any other project, company and/or any other entity or person you deem appropriate (data portability right). We will do our best to fulfil your request in the shortest possible time. You also have the right not to be subject to automated decisions (made solely by machines) that affect you, as defined by law.


<br>

## 7.2 Contact Details

You can directly [contact us](mailto:bytehive.io@gmail.com) for any inquiries regarding your data. Since the Bytehive team is based in Germany, you have the right to file a complaint at the German Data Protection Authority under the GDPR, for which contact details can be found as https://www.bfdi.bund.de/EN/Service/Contact/contact_node.html.


<br>

## 8. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We will review and update this Privacy Policy in accordance with further development of the app. Future features may process your data in a different way or ask more data from you, and will thus need to be described in this policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective when they are posted on this page.